> There are so many ideas in DeFi that desperately need to get built, yet nobody is working on them.

Currently, our discord channel is getting messy with applications. To provide a better process long term, we've made this repo for BUILDERS to post their skill sets and ability to help move the project further.  

# What is BUILD Finance?

BUILD Finance is a decentralized venture builder owned and controlled by the community.

Venture builders are organizations dedicated to systematically producing new companies, which they help grow and succeed. There are five core activities in which venture builders engage: identifying business ideas, building teams, finding capital, helping govern or manage the ventures and providing shared services

### What are the goals of BUILD Finance?
BUILD Finance aims to create multiple community-owned DeFi products. BUILD token is planned to be used as the only governance token of each product and the holders will have a claim over the revenue generated by those products.


To learn more, visit our (site)[https://letsbuild.finance/]

## Before Posting

We strongly believe that good BUILDER always provides a thoughtful post depicting their skills. 

# Who Can Apply? 

Anyone, we BUILDERS can be a collection of people with development skills to marketing, to even project management. If you feel like you can help create a better BUILD community, free feel to post! 

# Become A Builder 

## How to submit an application?
https://github.com/Benjamin-Mooney/Builder-Application/issues/new/choose
Fill out an issue

How to submit a new job post?
Every job post MUST strictly be written in English. Furthermore, it must comply the following rules:

### Title Format

```
Product - Skill Type
```

eg: 

```
Build Community - Moderator 
```
```
Metric Exchange - Front End Developer
```

### Description Format

The content MUST be in Markdown format.

```
## What Product Are You Interested In?

## What Can You Bring To The Community/Product
```



# Notes 

-Please be aware that there’s no hiring/HR manager in the Build DAO. This channel is mostly a live feed of people introducing themselves and offering help. 
Contributors working on existing products may not have the time or the ability to read through all messages as they are all busy doing their own tasks, which they picked up either on their own or via engagement in one of our discord channels.

-Hence, please don’t be discouraged if your message doesn’t get a reply. While we are thinking about establishing a process in place to facilitate the initiation of the new contributors, you must remember that this is an open DAO and you are free to find or make your own place in the community.

-Feel free to read through dev channels. Have a look at our GitHub where a list of current to-do tasks is published. You are most welcome to connect with devs or simply jumping on working on a task (just check with the team on what’s still unattended). The same goes for ops/marketing and community management.
